Availability:
avail*, downtime, outage, reliab*, fault, failure, error, robust*, toler*, resilient, recover*, repair, failover,
fail-safe, backup, redundant, mask, degraded, mainten*, service level agreement, MTBF, MTTR, watchdog, heartbeat,
ping/echo, rollback line, checkpoint, hot spare, warm spare, cold spare, therapeutic reboot, software rejuvenation

Deployability:
deploy*, release, update, install, rollout, rollback, upgrade, integrat*, continuous, version, hotfix, patch, CI/CD,
pipeline, configuration management, blue/green, rolling upgrade, kill switch (in context of features), feature toggle,
canary test, dark launch, A/B test

Energy Efficiency:
energy, power, consumption, efficient, battery, charge, drain, watt, joule, green, sustainab*, meter, monitor, reduce,
allocate, adapt, schedule, sensor, fusion, task kill, power monitor, ASIC, PDU (power distribution unit), benchmark

Integrability:
integrat*, interoperab*, interface, dependency, dependency injection, wrapper, bridge, mediator, abstract, common
service, discovery, adapter, normalize, standard, contract, protocol, message, synchronization, state, data, syntactic,
semantic, temporal, SOA (service-oriented architecture), publish-subscribe, enterprise service bus

Modifiability:
change, modify, adapt, evolve, extend, enhance, flexible, maintainab*, refactor, rewrite, configuration,
parameterization, polymorphism, inherit*, coupling, cohesion, abstraction, layers, sandbox, scalab*, variab*, portab*,
location independence, plug-in, microkernel

Performance:
perform*, latency, throughput, response time, jitter, miss rate, load, scalab*, bottleneck, tune, optimiz*, concurrency,
multi-threading, race condition, schedule, queue, cache, data replication, throttle, load balancer, service mesh,
map-reduce, co-locate, event, sampling rate, indirection, periodic cleaning, checksum

Safety:
safe, unsafe, hazard, fault, failure, risk, avoidance, detection, remediation, containment, redundant, substitution,
predictive model, timeout, sanity check, comparison, abort, degrad*, mask, barrier, firewall, interlock, recover,
rollback, repair state, reconfigure, FMEA (failure mode and effects analysis), FTA (fault tree analysis), actuator,
DAL (Design Assurance Level)

Security:
secure*, attack, intrusion, denial-of-service, confidential*, integrity, avail*, authoriz*, authenticat*, access
control, firewall, interlock, nonrepudiation, encrypt*, validate, sanitization, audit, threat model, attack tree,
access, exposure, checksum, hash, man-in-the-middle, user ID, password, one-time password, digital certificate,
two-factor authentication, biometric, CAPTCHA, demilitarized zone, DMZ, SQL injection, cross-site scripting, XSS

Testability:
testable*, test, harness, oracle, control, observe, record/playback, sandbox, assertion, state, dependency injection,
strategy, intercepting filter, mock, stub, component replacement, preprocessor macro, aspect, complexity,
nondeterminism, set, get, report, reset, verbose output, event logging, instrumentation, resource monitoring, state
machine, cyclic dependency

Usability:
usable, user-friendly, user experience, learn, efficient, error, mistake, feedback, help, cancel, undo, pause/resume,
aggregate, model, task model, user model, system model, model-view-controller, observer, memento, user initiative,
system initiative, mixed initiative, snapshot, checkpoint, reversible operation, spell-correction, type-ahead, progress
bar 
